hello this is ric KY the android guy hey
guys today we're doing a overview
comparison between the Galaxy Tab A and
the iPad Mini now to be fair this is an
iPad Mini 3 but really we should compare
it to an iPad Mini 2 when doing this
side-by-side comparison just because
with these two they're both under $300
and they offer very different features
now the iPad Mini will definitely appeal
to the gamers that having top quality
games play very smoothly on it it'll
also be really good for the screen
quality being a Retina display which is
going to have more pixelation 720p
display you have on the Tab A so all
around for the fun features this is
really good
however where the Tab a definitely
stands out is with three features and
the biggest one is you have full
Microsoft Office that comes free with
the Galaxy Tab A now for those you think
well you can get office on an iPad this
costs you either $69 a year to have it
on one device $10 a month or $99 a year
for to have it on 5 devices but that's
still a hundred to $120 have it on
multiple devices which can be very
costly however the Galaxy Tab a comes
with this value permanently so it's
about worth a hundred and forty dollars
worth free just built-in with it so it's
really a great feature and because of
that this stands out so much now it'll
stand out more when we go over a price
point later but really with these two
you also have the ability to have
multi-user on the Samsung tablet so if
you're looking to share the tablet
amongst either different children or
different members of the family in the
same household each person can have
their own sign in with the multi-user
feature
and finally you do have split-screen
capability so you can actually view two
different apps at the exact same time so
you can go on Facebook and Instagram at
the same time or you can look at a
picture while sending an email or you
can watch YouTube while you're on skype
great features and you can use both of
them at the same time so overall it's a
really great experience now major
difference between these two is also of
course price point so again we said we
would compare this to an iPad Mini 2
simply because for the price point this
is going to be more similar this one
comes in at 229 whereas the iPad Mini 2
comes in at 299 both have 16 gigs of
storage both offer a processor that's
good but not the greatest out there
right now especially with the new OS
updates lollipop and the 8.3 OS on each
respectively
so overall they're really good basic
tablets but with very different purposes
with the iPad Mini you're definitely
going to get this for apps gaming and
fun for the Galaxy Tab A you're going to
get it for basic users people that need
it for more than one person having the
ability to multitask and obviously
definitely to have Microsoft Office
coming with your tablet let me know
which is more important to you and which
tablet would you pick up for your next
purchase thank you for watching this
been Ric KY the Android guy